no but if you'd only let me explain you
see I just gave someone that bag open it
I hope you realize that you've made a
perfect fool of yourself in front of
everyone have you finished yes you lied
to me
yes the Justin Lauria bacon ridiculous
toy hi where is the leopard in there I
don't believe him but you must be in the
vitamins Walker on final annihilation
what do you want
well mrs. random invited me for dinner
would you please find out that she still
wants me she's hung up yeah so am i I am
made your Horus Applegate of the
Explorer you don't what'd he do with
that gun the girl I have been hunting
leopard oh you've been hunting leopards
yes yes I have been hunting that hurt
any luck
well not what I'm accustomed to no you
see I was slightly amusing ah but I yeah
they told me this
come on hey hey hey
Oh miss Susan how in the world did you
get here
influence you mean to tell me you wants
to wear that thing look of course I
don't want to wear this thing all I want
to do is get married so nice a bit high